= Propinquus

This python script is an implementation of the Kalman filter described
in:
Rao, R. P. (1999). An optimal estimation approach to visual perception
and learning. Vision research, 39(11), 1963-89. Retrieved from
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10343783

We use this filter to make prediction of neural sequence during
the locomotion of C. Elegans. The goal is to predict neural 
sequence in mouvement where we do not have this kind of information.

As I write this readme, the current script only predict muscle size, and
is not already able to predict neural sequence.

== Usage

Usage:
   kalman.py [options]

Options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -n N                  Set the dimension of r. shape(r) = n*1.
  -t TRAINING_FILE, --training-file=TRAINING_FILE
                        Set the training file.
  -i INPUT_FILE, --input-file=INPUT_FILE
                        Set the input file to filter.
  -m, --heatmap         Graphical data of input and predicted sequence will be
                        formated as heatmap.
  -l TRAINING_LOOP, --training-loop=TRAINING_LOOP
                        Number of loop of training.
  -g, --graph-learning-error
                        Print in file the learning error.

You should at least provide a training file, a input file and the number
of training loop.

== Other script

In the script folder, you can find a script to convert SOFA output file
to muscles size, and a script to calculate the mean error of learning.
